[Music]
sir we've landed
are we still in all go we are go
we're dropping a secret team of robots
into a country that we're not supposed
to be in
it got serious the moment was thought up
hey you're all gone
well i'll kill you
do it
these people have seen everything take
them all down no witnesses
we have an id on him yet sending you a
packet special forces huh
this guy is a deserter it could be the
ultimate field test yeah i was thinking
the same thing
she's a doctor they're all doctors
they're here in a good cause
come on man okay you're scaring her
you're scaring me i'm scared
find me like a man come on
you were made by humans to affect them
we're different i'm a man i have life
you're a machine
[Music]
you